You are talking because you are a waste to provoke Li Miao
Mr. Gao also went to your house to apologize in person
That's good.
Heart hatred and old hatred count together
Are you Gao Qilan?
What a beautiful woman
No wonder my son left for you
People are arguing
Mr. Li is mostly a misunderstanding
I'm here to prepare a small gift this time
Just to apologize
Regarding Mr. Li's compensation, please offer a price.
Are you in a hurry?
Come and drink this glass of wine first
Let's talk slowly
Come and drink it, hahaha.
Although my son's fat is wasted
But Miss Gao is so beautiful and intelligent
I will definitely give birth to a big fat boy
Hahaha
Come on baby hahaha
Come on baby
Enjoy it hahaha
Dare to touch it and let you die